---
thumbnail: "/projects/CFIBMS/CFIBMS.png"
title: "CFIBMS - digital twin"
description: "I developed a digital twin solution for the Intelligent Operation Management System of China State Construction Fourth Engineering Bureau using the Babylon.js Web3D rendering framework. This solution achieves real-time synchronization between physical buildings and virtual models, facilitating device status monitoring, data visualization, and operational analysis. Through interactive 3D scenes, the system effectively displays building structures, improving management efficiency and decision-making capabilities, while laying the groundwork for future smart building management."
published: 2024/08/16
slug: "CFIBMS"
---

- Customer: Nanjing Rongguang Software Technology Co., Ltd.
- Date: 2024/08/16
- Category: 3D Web
- Responsibility: Front-end Development

## Project Introduction
I developed a digital twin solution using the Babylon.js Web3D rendering framework for the Intelligent Operation Management System of China State Construction Fourth Engineering Bureau. This advanced solution enables real-time synchronization between physical buildings and their virtual counterparts. Key features of the system include:
- Real-time Data Synchronization: Seamlessly updates virtual models with data from physical buildings, ensuring that any changes or events are reflected instantaneously in the 3D environment.
- Device Status Monitoring: Provides live monitoring capabilities for various devices within the building, allowing for immediate detection and response to any issues.
- Data Visualization: Offers comprehensive visualization of building data, including performance metrics and operational statistics, in an interactive 3D format.
- Operational Analysis: Facilitates detailed analysis of building operations, helping to identify patterns, optimize performance, and improve overall management.

The system’s interactive 3D scenes effectively represent building structures and their operational states, which enhances management efficiency and decision-making capabilities. By providing a dynamic and immersive way to interact with building data, the solution lays a solid foundation for the future development of smart building management systems.

## Demo Video
<video src="/projects/CFIBMS/1.mp4" controls></video>
<video src="/projects/CFIBMS/2.mp4" controls></video>
<video src="/projects/CFIBMS/3.mp4" controls></video>
<video src="/projects/CFIBMS/4.mp4" controls></video>
<video src="/projects/CFIBMS/5.mp4" controls></video>
<video src="/projects/CFIBMS/6.mp4" controls></video>